c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\obj\Debug\Scheduler.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Scheduler.exe.config
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Scheduler.exe
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Scheduler.pdb
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Serilog.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.Console.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.File.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.Literate.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.RollingFile.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Topshelf.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.pdb
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Serilog.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.Console.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.File.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.Literate.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Serilog.Sinks.RollingFile.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Topshelf.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\obj\Debug\Scheduler.exe
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\obj\Debug\Scheduler.pdb
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\FluentMailer.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\FluentMailer.Factory.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\RazorEngine.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\obj\Debug\Scheduler.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Scheduler.Mailer.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Scheduler.Mailer.pdb
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Hangfire.Core.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Hangfire.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Hangfire.Core.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Hangfire.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\es\Hangfire.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\michal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Scheduler\Scheduler\bin\Debug\zh\Hangfire.Core.resources.dll
